=head1 NAME

highlight - highlight strings matching perl regular expressions in files

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    %highlight -i 'hello world' menu.h main.c
    %highlight '\d+' --color 'bright blue on yellow' *.txt
    %head -n20 mail.txt | highlight -l '^Subject:.*'
    %highlight --help

=head1 DESCRIPTION 

highlight [OPTION]... PATTERN [FILE]...

Highlight PATTERN in each FILE or standard input.
PATTERN is a perl regular expression.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<-i>, B<--ignore-case>

Ignore case distinctions.

=item B<-m>, B<--multiline>

Consider PATTERN as a multiline expression. This will add the '/ms' flags to the Perl regular expression.

=item B<-l>, B<--highlight-line>

Highlight the entire line instead of just the match.

=item B<-n>, B<--line-number>

Print line number with output lines.

=item B<-H>, B<--with-filename>

Prepend each line with the current file's name.

=item B<-h>, B<--no-filename>

Suppress the prefixing filename on output.

=item B<-s>, B<--no-messages>

Suppress error messages about nonexistant or unreadable files.

=item B<--label=LABEL>

Print LABEL as filename for the standard input.

=item B<-c>, B<--color>=COLOR

Use COLOR to highlight the matches. COLOR may be expressed either as a human-readable color like "dark blue" or "bold green", or as the numbers in an ANSI escape code (e.g. "31", "1;34;42"). Your terminal may not be able to display all codes.

=item B<--help>

Display this help screen

=item B<-V>, B<--version>

Display the script's version and copying information.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Martijn van der Kwast <stilgar1@gmx.net>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This file is copyright (c) 2011-2013 Martijn van der Kwast <martijn@vdkwast.com>. All rights reserved.

This script is free software; you may redistribute and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=head1 BUGS

Most of what this program does can be reproduced with grep using the C<-C> and
C<--color> options.

